
===== 3Q25 letter data/raw/letters\3Q25_d40503dex991.htm len=49212 hits=15
   ... ength in the U.S. market and ADR. We’re driving continued growth by focusing on four key areas: making our service better, bringing Airbnb to more parts of the world, expanding what we offer, and integrating AI into our app. Here are some of the highlights: We’re making Airbnb better for hosts and guests: This quarter, we announced dozens of new features that make it easier to book the perfect stay, manage your reservation, and discover more options in great locations. Here are a few of them: ¦ Reserve Now, Pay Later—We know guests want more flexible ways to pay, so we recently introduced a feature in the U.S. that gives guests the option to reserve an eligible stay and pay $0 upfront. This helped drive the acceleration of Nights and Seats Booked in Q3, and we’ll continue rolling it out more broadly in the coming months. ¦ Updated cancellation policies—We’re helping hosts earn more and guests make changes more easily by updating our cancellation policies. Hosts can now choose a new policy that allows guests to cancel for free up to 14 days before check-in. And for all stays under 28 nights, guests can cancel for a full refund up to 24 hours after their reservation is confirmed, if  ...
   ...  trying to keep you glued to a device, we remain focused on bringing people together. That’s a long-term vision, but we’re already building toward it. 4 Outlook Our Q3 2025 results demonstrate our continued focus on driving faster growth, as year-over-year growth of nights booked accelerated relative to Q2 2025. In October, we continued to see strong demand despite more difficult year-over-year comparisons. Specifically, we are seeing strength in longer lead time bookings, in part driven by our Reserve Now, Pay Later offering in the U.S., supporting our positive outlook for the rest of the year. ¦ Q4 Revenue. In Q4 2025, we expect to generate revenue of $2.66 billion to $2.72 billion, representing year-over-year growth of 7% to 10%, inclusive of a small foreign exchange tailwind after factoring in our hedging program. We anticipate our implied take rate in Q4 2025 to be relatively flat year-over year. ¦ Q4 GBV and Nights and Seats Booked. In Q4 2025, we expect our GBV to grow low-double- digits year-over-year. We anticipate our GBV to benefit from a modest increase in ADR, primarily due to price appreciation and FX, as well as continued growth in Nights and Seats Booked. In Q4 2025 ...
   ... R was $171 in Q3 2025, increasing 5% compared to Q3 2024. Excluding the impact of FX, ADR in Q3 2025 increased 2% and was up across all regions, largely due to price appreciation. Travel Trends During Q3 2025, we saw relatively consistent booking behavior by our guests in terms of market type, travel corridor, and length of stay compared to the same prior-year period. Average lead times were up slightly on a year-over-year basis, particularly in North America in part driven by the launch of our Reserve Now, Pay Later offering. Geographic Performance Airbnb is in over 220 countries and regions, and yet the majority of our business is in five countries— highlighting a significant opportunity for us. While the timing and investment level vary by market, our strategy is consistent: make Airbnb local and relevant. In each market, we focus on improving product- market fit, increasing awareness, and driving traffic. We are excited with the results we have seen so far. In fact, the average growth rate of nights booked on an origin basis in our expansion markets was twice that of our core markets over the last twelve months as of Q3 2025. ¦ North America: In North America, we saw mid-single ...
   ... we saw mid-single digit growth of Nights and Seats Booked during Q3 2025 compared to Q3 2024, representing a sequential acceleration, driven by strong domestic travel and trips with longer lead times. ADR in North America increased 8 5% in Q3 2025 compared to Q3 2024, primarily driven by mix shift. Growth in short-term stays and entire homes continued to outpace long-term stays (trips of 28 days or more) and private rooms, respectively, helping to drive the mix shift. In August, we launched our Reserve Now, Pay Later payment option within the U.S., which allows guests to pay $0 upfront when they book eligible domestic stays. We are encouraged by the early results. The introduction of Reserve Now, Pay Later helped drive the acceleration of Nights and Seats Booked in North America during Q3 2025. While we expect some cancellations closer to the date of stay, which may or may not occur in the same booking quarter, we expect a net benefit to overall bookings based on prior testing. ¦ EMEA: In EMEA, we saw mid-single digit growth in Nights and Seats Booked during Q3 2025 compared to Q3 2024. During Q3 2025, we faced a slightly unfavorable year-over-year comparison within the region due  ...
   ...  September 30 2024 2025 2024 2025 Nights and Seats Booked 122.8M 133.6M 380.5M 411.1M Gross Booking Value $20.1B $22.9B $64.2B $70.9B We track certain key business metrics to measure our performance, identify trends, formulate financial projections, and make strategic decisions. Our key business metrics include GBV and Nights and Seats Booked. GBV represents the dollar value of bookings on our platform in a period and is inclusive of host earnings, service fees, cleaning fees, and taxes, net of cancellations and alterations that occurred during that period. Nights and Seats Booked on our platform in a period represents the sum of the total number of nights booked for stays and the total number of seats booked for services and experiences, net of cancellations and alterations that occurred in that period. We are not aware of any uniform standards for calculating these key metrics, which may hinder comparability with other companies that may calculate similarly titled metrics in a different way. 25 Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures The following is a reconciliation of net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA Reconciliation (in millions, except percentages) T ...

===== 3Q25 call data/raw/transcripts/web/3Q25.html len=63219 hits=21
   ... p. What I want to do is I want to share just a few highlights on each of these four growth levers. First, we're making Airbnb better for our host and guests. We know that the better our product is, the more people use it. Since last this past May, we didn't stop. In fact, we accelerated development by making 65 major improvements that we think will help further drive growth. Here are just a few of them. You know, we know that guests want more flexibility in ways that they can pay. We introduced Reserve Now, Pay Later in the United States. Not unexpectedly, this helped drive night and seats booked in Q3. We're going to continue to roll this out more broadly next year. We also announced improved maps. One of the things we noticed was a lot of people were coming to Airbnb. They didn't have enough context. On the map on Airbnb, and they were leaving our app, going to Google, Apple, Maps, somewhere else, and sometimes they would not come back to our app. We built a lot more context about our map on Airbnb. We added nearby landmarks, public transit, restaurants. We even are offering different map views like satellite view, street view, transit view. This is, we think, going to be a huge  ...
   ... ext. On the map on Airbnb, and they were leaving our app, going to Google, Apple, Maps, somewhere else, and sometimes they would not come back to our app. We built a lot more context about our map on Airbnb. We added nearby landmarks, public transit, restaurants. We even are offering different map views like satellite view, street view, transit view. This is, we think, going to be a huge user experience improvement and will keep people on our app and increase conversion. Finally, we updated our cancellation policy. It is even easier for hosts to earn more and guests to make changes. Hosts can now choose a new policy that allows guests to cancel for free up to 14 days before check-in. All guests can cancel for free within 24 hours if they book more than seven days before check-in. These changes are reducing a huge amount of customer service cases and increasing annualized booking. Again, these are just a few of the 65 major improvements that we just made that make our service better. Number two, we're bringing Airbnb to more parts of the world. International expansion is a multi-year strategy, but we're already off to a great start. Over the past 12 months, average nights booked in  ...
   ... and price. Nights and seats booked increased 9% year-over-year, representing a two-point sequential acceleration from Q2, primarily due to the strength in the U.S. In Q3, nights growth across each of our major regions remained steady or accelerated sequentially. Latin America grew in the low 20s. Asia-Pacific grew in the mid-teens, and both North America and EMEA were up in the mid-single digits. Notably, we saw meaningful acceleration in the U.S. from Q2 to Q3, in part due to the launch of our Reserve Now, Pay Later payment offering. Now, turning to our Q3 financials. Revenue for the quarter was $4.1 billion, up 10% year-over-year. In terms of profitability, we generated $2.1 billion of adjusted EBITDA, representing a 50% EBITDA margin. Finally, net income was $1.4 billion, while EPS was $2.21, growing 4% year-over-year. Now, net income was impacted by a one-time $213 million valuation allowance related to corporate alternative minimum tax credits as a result of the enactment of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act on July 4th. On a go-forward basis, starting in 2026, we anticipate that the One Big Beautiful Bill will materially reduce our effective tax rate due to the preferential chan ...
   ... ess and our commitment to delivering long-term value. As of the end of Q3, we still had $6.6 billion remaining on our repurchase authorization. Since introducing our share repurchase program in 2022, we've reduced our fully diluted share count by 8%. Now, let's shift to our Q4 and full year 2025 outlook. As we start the fourth quarter, we're encouraged by the continued momentum. Despite more difficult year-over-year comps, we're seeing strength in longer lead-time bookings, partly driven by our Reserve Now, Pay Later offering in the U.S. The strength in bookings supports our positive outlook for the rest of the year. In Q4, we expect to generate revenue of $2.66 billion-$2.72 billion, representing year-over-year growth of 7%-10%. This includes a small foreign exchange tailwind after factoring in our hedges. We expect our GVV to grow low double digits year-over-year, benefiting from a small, or excuse me, from a modest increase in ADR due to price appreciation and FX, as well as continued growth in nights and seats booked. For Q4, we anticipate year-over-year growth of nights and seats booked in the mid-single digit range. Last year, we saw a meaningful acceleration of growth from Q ...
   ...  long term. With that, I will open it up to Q&A. Operator Thank you. If you would like to ask a question, please press star one on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, simply press star one again. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question. Thank you. Your first question comes from Richard Clarke with Bernstein. Your line is open. Richard Clarke Managing Director, Bernstein Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess you've mentioned the Reserve Now, Pay Later ADR quite a lot during the prepared remarks there. Just what percentage of the acceleration in the U.S. has come from that? Any early signs of what cancellation rates might look like on those bookings or your expectations of what they might look like? Any other payment tools you maybe bring out that might help drive an acceleration of bookings into next year? Ellie Mertz CFO, Airbnb Yeah, certainly. Thanks for the question, Richard. In terms of the Reserve Now, Pay Later offering, we launched it at the beginning of Q3. It is specifically something that is being offered to U.S. customers who are traveling domestically and are choosing listings that have a flexible or mo ...
   ... n those bookings or your expectations of what they might look like? Any other payment tools you maybe bring out that might help drive an acceleration of bookings into next year? Ellie Mertz CFO, Airbnb Yeah, certainly. Thanks for the question, Richard. In terms of the Reserve Now, Pay Later offering, we launched it at the beginning of Q3. It is specifically something that is being offered to U.S. customers who are traveling domestically and are choosing listings that have a flexible or moderate cancellation policy. It is not offered to the entirety of the U.S. guest population. That being said, of those that we offer or provide the offering to, it is vastly popular. About 70% of people that we offer Reserve Now, Pay Later take us up on that offering. Now, to your question of cancellations, we obviously tested this product pretty extensively before launching it in the U.S. to ensure that the benefit of the incremental lift in those bookings from the payment offering was not more than offset by increased cancellations. Yes, there are increased cancellations, but we're highly confident that the net impact of the product is a lift to net bookings. Operator The next question comes from  ...
   ... lot of silver bullets in our business. It's going to be hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of improvements that you're going to see over the coming years. I think my first thing I would say is the most important thing we can do is have rapid product development velocity. We think the team that moves the fastest will win in travel, and we want to make sure that we have a huge amount of velocity. Now, that being said, I do want to answer your question directly. What are some of the features? What Reserve Now, Pay Later tells us is the more types of payment instruments you add. The more flexibility you give people on the way to pay, the faster the growth. For example, in Brazil, we added installments. This was a huge boon to growth. In countries all over the world, we want to continue to offer more ways to pay, more flexibility. We have flexible cancellation policies we're experimenting with. We are going to be testing different offers. Essentially, different guests can have different types of discounts depending upon who they are and how often they've used Airbnb. Quality is a huge one. We are focused a lot on quality. For every person who stays in Airbnb, approximately nine people s ...

===== 4Q25 letter data/raw/letters\4Q25_d58192dex991.htm len=44108 hits=12
   ...  core business and the durability of our long-term strategy. We’re driving growth by staying focused on four key areas: making the Airbnb service better, bringing Airbnb to more parts of the world, expanding what we offer, and integrating AI into our app. Here are some highlights: We’re making Airbnb better for hosts and guests: We’re continuously improving the experience for hosts and guests, and in Q4 these eo ff rts drove meaningful growth. We focused on pricing and flexibility, including: ¦ Reserve Now, Pay Later—We know flexibility matters to guests, which is why we introduced a feature in the U.S. that allows guests to reserve an eligible stay and pay $0 upfront. The positive response from guests was immediate, and this feature contributed to the acceleration of bookings we saw in Q4. In February 2026, we completed testing Reserve Now, Pay Later across additional markets, and currently plan to make it available to even more guests globally in 2026. ¦ Updated cancellation policies—In October, we announced new cancellation policies to make it easier for guests to book a stay, even if their plans change. Hosts can now offer free cancellation up to 14 days before check-in under a ...
   ... at least low double digits. This is driven by the sustained strength in our core business, healthy demand, and continued execution across our key growth initiatives. ¦ For 2026, we expect our Adjusted EBITDA Margin to be stable year-over-year as we reinvest top-line efficiencies to support growth across the business, primarily in marketing, product, and technology. 5 A CLOSER LOOK More reservations, less hesitation We’re committed to making travel more flexible and convenient for everyone. With Reserve Now, Pay Later, guests can book homes with $0 upfront. After a strong U.S. launch—with over 70% adoption by eligible bookings*—and testing in other markets, we’re rolling it out to more guests in 2026. Simple to spot Eligible stays feature a callout on the listing and at checkout. Flexible payment Now guests can reserve when they want, and then pay closer to check-in. *Adoption percentage based on global GBV in Q4 2025. 6 Business and Financial Performance Q4 2025 121.9M $20.4B Nights & Seats Booked Gross Booking Value 10% Y/Y 16% Y/Y 13% Y/Y (ex-FX) FY 2025 533.0M $91.3B Nights & Seats Booked Gross Booking Value 8% Y/Y 12% Y/Y 10% Y/Y (ex-FX) In Q4 2025, we recorded double-digit gro ...
   ... eases in and the quality of active listings; the Company's expectations regarding cross-border travel; the Company’s expectation of attracting and retaining more hosts, including in expansion markets; the growth of active listings, including in expansion markets; the Company’s expectations regarding international expansion; the Company’s expectations regarding its investments in sales and marketing; the Company’s expectations regarding improvements to attract hosts and guests, including updated cancellation policies; the Company's expectations regarding guest service fees and cross-currency bookings and the impact on take rate; the Company's expectations regarding its financial performance, including its revenue, implied take rate, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA Margin; the Company's expectations regarding future operating performance, including Nights and Seats Booked and GBV; the Company’s expectations regarding ADR; the Company’s expectation regarding the effect of recent tax legislation; the Company’s expectations with respect to stock-based compensation expense; the Company’s share repurchase program; the Company’s expectations for product and services growth and enhance ...
   ... 1 December 31 2024 2025 2024 2025 Nights and Seats Booked 111.0M 121.9M 491.5M 533.0M Gross Booking Value $17.6B $20.4B $81.8B $91.3B We track certain key business metrics to measure our performance, identify trends, formulate financial projections, and make strategic decisions. Our key business metrics include GBV and Nights and Seats Booked. GBV represents the dollar value of bookings on our platform in a period and is inclusive of host earnings, service fees, cleaning fees, and taxes, net of cancellations and alterations that occurred during that period. Nights and Seats Booked on our platform in a period represents the sum of the total number of nights booked for stays and the total number of seats booked for services and experiences, net of cancellations and alterations that occurred in that period. We are not aware of any uniform standards for calculating these key metrics, which may hinder comparability with other companies that may calculate similarly titled metrics in a different way. 23 Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures The following is a reconciliation of net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA Reconciliation (in millions, except percentages) T ...

===== 4Q25 call data/raw/transcripts/web/4Q25.html len=61307 hits=28
   ... y. So what I want to do is highlight four areas where the Y innovation model is driving growth. The first is pricing. Hidden fees are one of the biggest friction points in travel. So we created a pricing team with a clear goal: Make pricing simple and more transparent. The first major step was showing the total price upfront to guests. In the U.S., we're the first major travel platform to do this. But price transparency was just the beginning. We launched dozens more updates, from more flexible cancellation policies to better pricing tools for hosts. These changes stacked. Then we made the biggest move of all: Reserve Now, Pay Later. For the first time, guests in the U.S. could book eligible stays paying $0 upfront. The response was immediate, driving booking acceleration in Q4, especially for larger, high-priced homes. We're now expanding this to new markets, and it's a key part of the strength we're seeing in Q1. Now, we believe that pricing initiatives will drive as much revenue this year as Hawaii and will remain a strong tailwind for years to come. Next up, supply. Most of our supply growth is organic, with hosts coming directly to us. But we've also built a supply engine that ...
   ... digits, and North America grew in the mid-single digits. Now, going into the quarter, we expected a tough comp, given a particularly strong Q4 in 2024. As the quarter played out, we saw a slightly better macroeconomic environment than anticipated. But more importantly, our product roadmap delivered material lift to the business. As Brian shared, we've been steadily making it easier to find and book a home on Airbnb. In Q4, a few updates in particular helped drive our acceleration. The launch of Reserve Now, Pay Later, updates to our cancellation policy, and the beginning of our migration to a simplified fee structure. Reserve Now, Pay Later saw significant adoption among eligible guests in Q4. It's also led to longer booking lead times and a mix shift towards larger entire homes, especially those with four more bedrooms, contributing to the increase in ADR. And as Brian mentioned, given the positive results, we've decided to roll it out to more guests globally and to cross-border stays in the U.S. Our updated cancellation policies and simplified fees also contributed to both nights and GBV growth in the quarter. As a reminder, beginning in October, we started simplifying our fee st ...
   ... ome trips are better in Airbnb, and then some trips, if you need a last-minute stay, you're traveling for business, you're doing one night, it's really good for hotels. So we think that all these components can make the overall offering better. There's a lot of synergy. Operator Your next question comes from the line of Lee Horowitz from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. Lee Horowitz Co-Head of Internet Equity Research, Deutsche Bank Great, thanks so much. I guess can you give us a sense of how Reserve Now, Pay Later cancellations have been pacing relative to your expectations, perhaps particularly in the face of, weather disruptions in the 1Q, and then how you're thinking about baking in cancellation expectations to full-year adjusted EBITDA guide? And then secondly, in the past, you've talked about how AI search will preclude your deployment of sponsored ads. Can you maybe just unpack that a bit more and explain how AI search particularly may help you bring sponsored ads to market a bit more quickly? Thanks so much. Ellie Mertz CFO, Airbnb So first on the question of Reserve Now, Pay Later, and the impact of cancellations. If we just back up for a moment. Before we launched Reser ...
   ... on expectations to full-year adjusted EBITDA guide? And then secondly, in the past, you've talked about how AI search will preclude your deployment of sponsored ads. Can you maybe just unpack that a bit more and explain how AI search particularly may help you bring sponsored ads to market a bit more quickly? Thanks so much. Ellie Mertz CFO, Airbnb So first on the question of Reserve Now, Pay Later, and the impact of cancellations. If we just back up for a moment. Before we launched Reserve Now, Pay Later in the U.S., back in summer of 2025, we extensively tested the product to ensure that by the time the cohorts opting into the product had reached their check-in date, that it was net beneficial to the business, meaning that the growth lift in bookings was larger than the net increase in cancellations before check-in. We're doing that level of testing for each incremental segment we are considering expanding Reserve Now, Pay Later out to ensure that the net benefit is obviously positive for the business. What I should say is that in the segments that we have launched this offering, the cancellation curves have, been, you know, very close to what we saw from a tested perspective, and ...
   ... obviously positive for the business. What I should say is that in the segments that we have launched this offering, the cancellation curves have, been, you know, very close to what we saw from a tested perspective, and so we feel, you know, frankly, quite good about the progress and the performance of that offering. In terms of its impact, over the full year, obviously there is a bit of a pull forward in terms of when people make their booking, but we are already absorbing the elevated level of cancellations from that product. I think one piece of perspective is that in terms of the aggregate nominal increase in cancellations rate, it's approximately 1%. So, you know, an average of maybe 16% cancellation rate historically going to 17% is obviously higher within the cohorts that chooses that product, but is not hugely material relative to the broader cancellations on the platform. Final thing I would just note on Reserve Now, Pay Later, as we've called out, is lengthened lead times, which we think is good from a competitive perspective. And second, it has a modestly positive impact in terms of, we are as consumers who don't need to, you know, extend a huge purchase on their credit c ...

===== 1Q26 letter data/raw/letters\1Q26_d23351dex991.htm len=45671 hits=24
   ...  grew at roughly twice the rate of our core markets. In India, origin nights booked grew approximately 50% year-over-year and in Brazil, origin nights grew over 20% for the third consecutive quarter. The innovation blueprint we highlighted last quarter is continuing to help deliver results across product improvements, guest acquisition, and international expansion. At the same time, we’re navigating a period of macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty. We saw that show up in slightly elevated cancellations this quarter in EMEA and Asia Pacific, primarily driven by the conflict in the Middle East. But this is exactly where our model demonstrates its resilience. When travel patterns shift, Airbnb adapts with them. When tariff uncertainty resulted in fewer people traveling to the U.S. last year, they still came to Airbnb and found somewhere else to go. We’re seeing a similar dynamic now. We have millions of homes, everywhere in the world, at every price point, and that’s something most travel companies can’t replicate. It’s a core reason we’re able to deliver consistent results, even in challenging environments. Here are some additional highlights from the quarter: Making Airbnb bet ...
   ... to the U.S. last year, they still came to Airbnb and found somewhere else to go. We’re seeing a similar dynamic now. We have millions of homes, everywhere in the world, at every price point, and that’s something most travel companies can’t replicate. It’s a core reason we’re able to deliver consistent results, even in challenging environments. Here are some additional highlights from the quarter: Making Airbnb better for hosts and guests We’re giving guests more flexibility in how they pay with Reserve Now, Pay Later. And in Q1, roughly 20% of global GBV came from Reserve Now, Pay Later bookings. It’s one of the clearest examples of a change that is good for guests and good for the business: guests tend to book more when they have the flexibility to pay later. On the supply side, we’re addressing things hosts ask about most, including better pricing tools and a simpler way to get started on our platform. We’re improving our pricing tools to make it easier for hosts to dynamically price based on demand and seasonality, and we redesigned the host sign-up flow to make it easier to list your home. Expanding what Airbnb offers In Q1, we continued piloting new categories of services and  ...
   ... nights booked growth in North America and Latin America, our fastest-growing region—and sustained ADR growth. The upward revision to our revenue outlook reflects meaningful progress across our growth initiatives and improvements to monetization through a simplified fee structure and our insurance programs, which are expected to lift our full-year take rate. We remain optimistic about our continued momentum, even as we face tougher comparisons in the back half of this year against the rollout of Reserve Now, Pay Later in 2025 and current headwinds from the Middle East conflict. Q2 2026 ¦ We expect to generate revenue of $3.54 billion to $3.60 billion, representing year-over-year growth of 14% to 16%, inclusive of an approximate 3% FX tailwind after factoring in our hedging program. We expect our implied take rate in Q2 2026 to be up slightly year-over-year. ¦ In Q2 2026, we expect GBV to increase in the low double digits year-over-year, driven by growth in Nights and Seats Booked and a moderate increase in ADR. We expect the FX tailwind to ADR to be significantly lower in Q2 2026 than in Q1. ¦ In Q2 2026, we expect Nights and Seats booked growth to slightly decelerate, relative to Q ...
   ... marketing spend, international expansion, and AI initiatives. 5 A CLOSER LOOK Taking partnerships to new heights Booking on Airbnb is now more rewarding than ever. With the expansion of our Delta partnership, guests can earn Delta miles for every dollar spent on homes, as well as qualifying experiences and services—giving travelers even more to look forward to. X Price details X 2 nights x $241.00 $482.00 A You’ll earn approximat ely 482 Delta miles - for this stay. Dates Jun19 - 21 Change Free cancellation before Jun 11 Reserve Earn Delta miles withAirbnb Earn 1 mile per $1 on stays and 3 miles per $1 on select experiences and services when you book.* 6 Business and Financial Performance Q1 2026 156.2M $29.2B Nights & Seats Booked Gross Booking Value 9% Y/Y 19% Y/Y 13% Y/Y (ex-FX) In Q1 2026, Nights and Seats Booked grew over 9% year-over-year, despite increased cancellations from the Middle East conflict. Absent the impact of the conflict, we estimate growth of Nights and Seats Booked would have been approximately 10% year-over-year, an acceleration compared to Q1 2025. In Q1 2026, we observed relatively consistent year-over-year trends in terms of market type and travel corridor ...
   ... ghts and Seats Booked grew over 9% year-over-year, despite increased cancellations from the Middle East conflict. Absent the impact of the conflict, we estimate growth of Nights and Seats Booked would have been approximately 10% year-over-year, an acceleration compared to Q1 2025. In Q1 2026, we observed relatively consistent year-over-year trends in terms of market type and travel corridor, and saw a lengthening of lead times across all regions, driven in part by the continued expansion of our Reserve Now, Pay Later payment offering. Growth continued to be driven in part by our app strategy, with nights booked on our app in Q1 2026 increasing 22% year-over-year and accounting for 63% of total nights booked—up from 58% in the prior-year period. In addition, we saw year-over-year growth of first-time bookers accelerate to 10% in Q1 2026–the highest since early 2022–with particularly strong growth in Brazil, Japan, and India. In Q1 2026, GBV was $29.2 billion, representing a year-over-year increase of 19% (or 13% ex-FX). The year-over-year growth in GBV was driven by strong growth of Nights and Seats Booked, as well as an increase in ADR. ADR was $187 in Q1 2026, increasing 9% compar ...
   ... homes, particularly listings with 4 or more bedrooms, continued to outpace long-term stays (trips of 28 days or more) and private rooms, helping to drive the mix shift. 7 ¦ EMEA: In EMEA, we saw mid-single digit growth in Nights and Seats Booked during Q1 2026 compared to Q1 2025. During Q1 2026, we were proud to have nearly 200,000 guests stay on Airbnb and supply growth of almost 30% in the Milan region for the Olympic Games. Following a strong start to the quarter, we observed an increase in cancellations across EMEA as a result of the conflict in the Middle East, which slightly weighed on nights growth during Q1 2026. ADR in EMEA increased 15% in Q1 2026 compared to Q1 2025, primarily driven by FX. On an ex-FX basis, ADR increased 4% compared to Q1 2025. ¦ Latin America: In Latin America, we saw high-teens growth in Nights and Seats Booked during Q1 2026 compared to Q1 2025. ADR in Latin America increased 10% in Q1 2026 compared to Q1 2025, primarily driven by FX. On an ex-FX basis, ADR increased 3% compared to Q1 2025. Brazil continued to drive meaningful growth, with origin nights booked increasing over 20% for the third consecutive quarter and the number of first-time booker ...
   ...  to $417 million in Q1 2025. Adjusted EBITDA Margin in Q1 2026 was 19%, compared to 18% in Q1 2025.2 For the full-year 2026, we expect our effective tax rate to be in the high teens. Monetization and Take Rate During Q1 2026, the implied take rate (defined as revenue divided by GBV) of 9.2% was relatively in-line with 9.3% in Q1 2025. Factors impacting the Q1 2026 take rate included FX and the timing of when guests booked their travel and when guests stayed—a dynamic that reflects the growth of Reserve Now, Pay Later, which has driven guests to book further in advance. Since the introduction of paid guest travel insurance in 2022, we continue to see increased adoption of the offering. During Q1 2026, revenue from guest travel insurance, which is available in 12 of our largest countries, increased 45% year-over-year. We are excited by the performance of this offering over the past few years and have begun piloting additional forms of insurance products to support both guests and hosts. 9 Beginning in Q4 2025, we started taking steps to simplify our fee structure, which we believe will help our hosts price more competitively and create greater guest transparency. We began migrating p ...
   ... OM 677 • Fully Diluted 660 641 Share Count 41 600M Stock Based Awards & Warrants Outstanding 400M • Common Shares 200M Outstanding OM Mar 2024 Mar 2025 Mar2026 13 Balance Sheet and Cash Flows As of March 31, 2026, we had $12.1 billion of cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, and restricted cash, as well as $10.6 billion of funds held on behalf of guests. Additionally, we held $2.7 billion of unearned fees as of March 31, 2026, stable compared to March 31, 2025. Absent the impact of Reserve Now, Pay Later bookings, which defer guest payments from the time of booking closer to the date of stay, we expect that unearned fees and FCF would have grown year-over-year. For the three months ended March 31, 2026, net cash provided by operating activities and FCF were both $1.7 billion, highlighting the strength of our cash-generative business model.3 Our FCF declined slightly year-over-year primarily due to the working capital impact from the continued expansion of Reserve Now, Pay Later. Specifically, Reserve Now, Pay Later shifts the timing of guest payments closer to the date of stay, resulting in lower unearned fees in Q1 and Q2 and higher unearned fees in Q3. In Q1 2026, we ...
   ... d expectations with respect to demand on the platform in connection with major events; the Company’s expectation of attracting and retaining more hosts, including in expansion markets; the growth of active listings, including in expansion markets; the Company’s expectations regarding international expansion; the Company’s expectations regarding its investments in sales and marketing; the Company’s expectations regarding improvements to attract hosts and guests, including AI customer support and Reserve Now, Pay Later; the Company’s expectations regarding guest service fees; the Company’s plans with respect to guest travel insurance; the Company’s expectations regarding its financial performance, including its revenue, implied take rate, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA Margin; the Company’s expectations regarding future operating performance, including Nights and Seats Booked and GBV; the Company’s expectations regarding ADR; the Company’s expectation regarding its long-term effective tax rate; the Company’s expectations with respect to stock-based compensation expense; the Company’s share repurchase program; the Company’s expectations for product and services growth and enhanc ...
   ... 23 Key Business Metrics Three Months Ended March 31 2025 2026 Nights and Seats Booked 143.1M 156.2M Gross Booking Value $24.5B $29.2B We track certain key business metrics to measure our performance, identify trends, formulate financial projections, and make strategic decisions. Our key business metrics include GBV and Nights and Seats Booked. GBV represents the dollar value of bookings on our platform in a period and is inclusive of host earnings, service fees, cleaning fees, and taxes, net of cancellations and alterations that occurred during that period. Nights and Seats Booked on our platform in a period represents the sum of the total number of nights booked for stays and the total number of seats booked for services and experiences, net of cancellations and alterations that occurred in that period. We are not aware of any uniform standards for calculating these key metrics, which may hinder comparability with other companies that may calculate similarly titled metrics in a different way. 24 Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures The following is a reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA Reconciliation (in millions, except percentages) Three Mo ...

===== 1Q26 call data/raw/transcripts/web/1Q26.html len=62161 hits=39
   ... eprint that I talked about last quarter, where we create small elite teams and give them a clear mandate. We start with simple improvements, ship, learn quickly, and double down on what works. Eventually, we tackle bigger, more ambitious bets. Last year, it drew up $100 million in revenue. This quarter, you can see it really showing up more broadly across our business. I want to give you a few examples. First, new features for guests and hosts. We shipped a ton of improvements for guests in Q1. Reserve Now, Pay Later is obviously one of them. We introduced it last year to give guests a more flexible way to pay, and the response has been incredible. In Q1, we expanded to more markets around the world. As a result, roughly 20% of global GBV came from Reserve Now, Pay Later bookings. This increased flexibility is changing how guests book. We're seeing longer lead times, as well as a mix shift towards larger, higher-priced homes. In addition to Reserve Now, Pay Later, we're also improving search. Guests now see more relevant listings, and it's having a positive impact on bookings. On the host side, we're building more of what hosts have been asking for. We redesigned the host sign-up f ...
   ...  with Q1 financial results, then cover our outlook for Q2 and full year 2026. Q1 was another great quarter for Airbnb, with continued momentum seen across the business. Gross Booking Value grew 19% year-over-year to $29 billion, representing consistent sequential acceleration for the last four quarters, driven by both strong growth in nights and ADR. During the quarter, we saw nights growth accelerate from January- February. We saw a slight deceleration in March, largely due to conflict-related cancellations across EMEA and APAC. Absent the impact of the conflict, we estimate growth of nights and seats booked would have been approximately 10% year-over-year, an acceleration compared to Q1 2025. ADR increased 9% year-over-year or 4% excluding the impact of FX, with noticeable strength in North America. Continuing on the progress we made last year, we've been steadily making it easier to find and book a home on Airbnb. Last quarter, I shared three initiatives in particular that help drive the continued momentum across our business. The broader expansion of Reserve Now, Pay Later, updates to our cancellation policies, and the migration of certain hosts to a simplified fee structure. F ...
   ... 9% year-over-year or 4% excluding the impact of FX, with noticeable strength in North America. Continuing on the progress we made last year, we've been steadily making it easier to find and book a home on Airbnb. Last quarter, I shared three initiatives in particular that help drive the continued momentum across our business. The broader expansion of Reserve Now, Pay Later, updates to our cancellation policies, and the migration of certain hosts to a simplified fee structure. First, we expanded Reserve Now, Pay Later to more markets, and adoption continued to increase. In addition to driving longer booking lead times and contributing to the increase in ADR, Reserve Now, Pay Later is driving a meaningful lift to all booking metrics, net of cancellation. We believe this is a longer-term competitive benefit, locking in earlier calendar share and better aligning our payment options with guests better. Second, as shared previously, we redesigned our cancellation policies to give guests more flexibility and confidence to book. Lastly, we began migrating our API hosts to a single service fee. We believe this simplification of fee structure will help our hosts price more competitively and  ...
   ... tive in Q1. For 2026, we anticipate our effective tax rate to be in the high teens, down from 20% in 2025 due to the One Big Beautiful Bill Act, primarily due to how foreign earnings are taxed. Next, our balance sheet and cash flow. We continue to benefit from our efficient and capitalized business model, delivering $1.7 billion of free cash flow in Q1. Over the trailing twelve months, we generated $4.5 billion of free cash flow, representing a free cash flow margin of 36%. Absent the impact of Reserve Now, Pay Later bookings, which defer guest payments from the time of booking closer to the date of stay, we expect that unearned fees and free cash flow would have both grown year-over-year in Q1. Specifically, Reserve Now, Pay Later results in lower unearned fees in Q1 and Q2 and higher unearned fees in Q3. Our strong balance sheet and cash flow generation allowed us to repurchase $1.1 billion of our common stock in Q1. As a reminder, returning capital to shareholders remains a key component of our capital allocation strategy. Lastly, in Q1, we received investment grade ratings from the major agencies and subsequently completed a $2.5 billion senior unsecured debt offering for debt  ...
   ... ar, 2026, we are raising our guidance and now expect year-over-year revenue growth to accelerate to low to mid-teen. The upward revision to our revenue outlook reflects meaningful progress across our growth initiatives and improvements to monetization through a simplified fee structure and our insurance program, which are expected to lift our full-year take rate. We remain optimistic about our continued momentum, even as we face tougher comps in the back half of this year against the rollout of Reserve Now, Pay Later and current headwinds from the Middle East. For profitability, we're now expecting our adjusted EBITDA margin to be at least 35%. We'll continue to prioritize reinvestment to support further growth across the business, specifically on efficient marketing spend, international expansion, and AI initiatives. To close, our confidence in the increased full-year outlook we've provided is grounded in the trends we're seeing. Underlying demand is strong, our product improvements are working, our monetization initiatives are gaining traction, and our balance sheet and significant liquidity give us the flexibility to keep investing. With that, I will open it up to Q&A. Operator  ...
   ... hat properties we need in which neighborhood. It can help us understand what the bounty is and how much we'll pay in this neighborhood versus that neighborhood, and then make it easier to list. Yes, AI is one of the best things that ever happened to Airbnb, and these are some of the reasons why. Operator Your next question comes from a line of John Colantuoni from Jefferies. Your line is open. John Colantuoni Analyst, Jefferies Okay, great. Thanks for taking my question. On the expansion of the Reserve Now, Pay Later offering talk, maybe you could talk about how consumer adoption and awareness has evolved since rolling the product out to more markets, and any notable observations around cancellations or conversion improvements compared to the U.S. market. Thanks. Ellie Mertz CFO, Airbnb John, thank you for the question. Just to give a little bit of color in terms of the expansion and results, if you look at the timeline of last year, we initially launched Reserve Now, Pay Later in the U.S. in Q3 to great results. Over the course of Q4, we began merchandising up funnel so that there was broader awareness to the consumer before they got to checkout. We saw that that was incremental t ...
   ... e U.S. market. Thanks. Ellie Mertz CFO, Airbnb John, thank you for the question. Just to give a little bit of color in terms of the expansion and results, if you look at the timeline of last year, we initially launched Reserve Now, Pay Later in the U.S. in Q3 to great results. Over the course of Q4, we began merchandising up funnel so that there was broader awareness to the consumer before they got to checkout. We saw that that was incremental to lift as well. Most recently in Q1, we rolled out RNPL to most of the rest of the world. I would say there are slight differences in terms of growth lift by geo, but not necessarily material differences. What I would say is that in every market that we have launched Reserve Now, Pay Later, there is a material lift to gross bookings. In all cases, we tested extensively to ensure that the net lift to bookings was positive. Certainly with the offering, there's a very elevated level of cancellations that come with the program. Across all regions, what we see is that the net impact is positive to the business. I'm just going to give you a little more color here. In terms of relative adoption, the U.S. we are seeing the highest level of adoption, ...
   ... rticularly relevant for them. We're trying to do that increasingly at the country level, so that when you open Airbnb, it feels like it's local and relevant for you. Operator Your next question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth from J.P. Morgan. Your line is open. Doug Anmuth Analyst, J.P. Morgan Thanks for taking the questions. Ellie, can you just help us understand the confidence in the higher revenue growth for the year, also the slight uptick in view on EBITDA margin? Brian, just given the Reserve Now, Pay Later penetration, curious if you think there are other payment innovations or services that you could see as an opportunity on the platform. Thanks. Ellie Mertz CFO, Airbnb Great. Thanks. Let me talk a little bit about the revenue revision upwards. What does that reflect? I would say it reflects the momentum we've seen year to date in terms of our growth initiatives. In particular, I would say we have, you know, more confidence in our underlying nights booked forecast for the year. We have more confidence in terms of the durability of slightly higher ADRs over the course of the year. Third, as we called out in the letter, we're starting to see the benefit from some of our m ...
   ... a particular city to get a better outcome in our favor, we will do that. Finally, yes, we are, as Brian has talked about extensively, we are obviously ramping up our use of AI internally, would anticipate that that is an expense that will ramp over the course of the year. The way we've managed the P&L and delivered efficiencies over time, we have the ability to absorb that in the strong margin that we are confirming and updating here. Brian Chesky CEO, Airbnb With regards to payments, obviously Reserve Now, Pay Later, we're still actually in early innings. For example, we're doing a global rollout. We're bringing it to desktop. We don't really merchandise it that much. One of the things we can do is we can merchandise it top of funnel. That's just the beginning. There's a lot of other things. We have payment installments. This has been huge in Brazil. You know, there's a lot to do in many different countries. A lot of countries have unique payment methods they want to be able to use. Having more updated flexible cancellation policies. We got rid of the very strict cancellation policy. A lot of them moved to flexible or medium-level policies, which has helped a lot. We have an entir ...
   ... e very strict cancellation policy. A lot of them moved to flexible or medium-level policies, which has helped a lot. We have an entire roadmap around payments and pricing, and I think the payments and pricing roadmap will deliver it has the opportunity to deliver hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue each year. There's an entire team. It's essentially, you know, the Project Hawaii, that model. We have an entire team on pricing, and there's gonna be a lot to do. You know, I think, you know, Reserve Now, Pay Later is a uniquely large bullet, but there are dozens of different projects that can deliver growth. Operator Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Brian Nowak Analyst, Morgan Stanley Thanks for taking my questions. I have two. The first one is go back to the hotels. Can you maybe just sort of walk through what is? What is the biggest hurdle or constraint that we should be thinking about that will dictate how quickly the hotels will roll across the platform this year and into next year? Then number two, maybe a bigger picture, Brian. I agree, you have a massive shop of people in your store, and there's so many things y ...

===== 2Q26 letter data/raw/letters\2Q26_d70413dex991.htm len=51101 hits=26
   ... b and start booking. ¦ Redesigned sign-up and login: Guests can now create an account and sign in more easily across iOS, Android, and web. ¦ Added flexibility: Guests have additional ways to access their account, helping reduce login failures and customer support contacts. 3 Payments and checkout - The checkout experience can make the die ff rence between browsing and booking. We expanded payment options and streamlined checkout to reduce friction and help more guests complete their booking. ¦ Reserve Now, Pay Later: Guests can now use Reserve Now, Pay Later on more listings in more countries, and they’ll see it more often throughout the booking journey. ¦ Flexible cancellation policies: Guests can more easily understand their cancellation options before booking. ¦ Updated checkout: Checkout now surfaces the most relevant promotions and credits for each guest, as well as eligible payment options. ¦ Interest-free installments: Eligible guests in Mexico and Brazil can now pay with interest- free installments. For hosts Pricing - Effective pricing is one of the biggest drivers of host success. We introduced simpler pricing and more flexible cancellation policies to help hosts succeed ...
   ... s. ¦ Interest-free installments: Eligible guests in Mexico and Brazil can now pay with interest- free installments. For hosts Pricing - Effective pricing is one of the biggest drivers of host success. We introduced simpler pricing and more flexible cancellation policies to help hosts succeed. ¦ Simplified pricing in Airbnb Setup: New hosts can more easily set die ff rent weekday and weekend rates. ¦ Single service fee for API hosts: Hosts can more easily set the same price guests see. ¦ Updated cancellation policies: We migrated eligible listings from Strict to Firm cancellation policies, helping hosts attract more bookings. Recommendations and insights - We’re providing hosts with more personalized recommendations and insights to help them improve their listings, attract more bookings, and increase their earning potential. ¦ Personalized recommendations: Tailored suggestions help hosts improve their listings, calendar availability, and pricing, with proactive notifications that can help them take action. ¦ Quality insights: Hosts receive specic s fi uggestions for improvement based on recent guest reviews. Host tools and onboarding - We removed friction throughout the hosting jour ...
   ... growth. 7 A CLOSER LOOK Helpful services at your service Great trips include more than where you stay. Travel is easier when there’s a rental car ready to go, a place to store luggage before check-in, or groceries delivered to your door. These new services are the first of many ways we’re making the whole trip smoother, right in the Airbnb app. 8 GUEST SPOTLIGHT Driving guest growth To boost guest conversion, we redesigned the homepage, streamlined the sign-up flow, and introduced more flexible cancellation and expanded payment options. Search and discovery Login and sign-up The personalized homepage helps guests find the perfect home, An entirely new login and sign-up flow has improved how easily experience, or service for their trip. new and returning guests access Airbnb. Flexible cancellation policies Payments and checkout Guests book with more confidence now that it’s easier The flexibility of Reserve Now, Pay Later and a streamlined checkout to understand their cancellation options before booking. experience makes it easier for guests to complete their booking. 9 HOST SPOTLIGHT More host bookings We added more personalized insights across the app to help hosts attract booking ...
   ... ed 21% compared to $1.0 billion in Q2 2025. Adjusted 4 EBITDA Margin in Q2 2026 was 35%, compared to 34% in Q2 2025. For the full-year 2026, we expect our ee ff ctive tax rate to be in the high teens. Monetization and Take Rate During Q2 2026, the implied take rate (defined as revenue divided by GBV) of 13.2% was in-line with Q2 2025. Factors impacting the Q2 2026 take rate included FX and the timing of when guests booked their travel and when guests stayed—a dynamic that reflects the growth of Reserve Now, Pay Later, which has resulted in guests booking further in advance. Since the introduction of paid guest travel insurance in 2022, we continue to see increased adoption of the offering. During Q2 2026, revenue from guest travel insurance, which is available in 12 of our largest countries, increased over 60% year-over-year. We are excited by the performance of this offering over the past few years and have begun piloting additional forms of insurance products to support both guests and hosts. Beginning in Q4 2025, we started taking steps to simplify our fee structure, which is helping our hosts price more competitively and creating greater guest transparency. We initially migrate ...
   ... hare Count 652 634 39 39 Stock Based Awards 44 600M Outstanding 634 613 590 Common Shares Outstanding 400M 200M 0M Jun 2024 Jun 2025 Jun 2026 16 Balance Sheet and Cash Flows As of June 30, 2026, we had $12.1 billion of cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, and restricted cash, as well as $12.2 billion of funds held on behalf of guests. Additionally, we held $2.8 billion of unearned fees as of June 30, 2026, which was relatively stable compared to June 30, 2025. Absent the impact of Reserve Now, Pay Later bookings, which defer guest payments from the time of booking closer to the date of stay, we expect that unearned fees would have grown year-over-year. For the three months ended June 30, 2026, net cash provided by operating activities and FCF were both 5 $1.3 billion, highlighting the strength of our cash-generative business model. Our FCF increased 30% year-over-year primarily due to higher net income, partially offset by working capital changes, including the impact from the continued expansion of Reserve Now, Pay Later. Specifically, Reserve Now, Pay Later shifts payment and recognition of unearned fees closer to the date of stay, impacting quarterly FCF. Capital A ...
   ... ns with respect to increases in and the quality of listings, and expectations with respect to demand on the platform in connection with major events; the Company’s expectation of attracting and retaining more hosts, including in expansion markets; the Company’s expectations regarding international expansion; the Company’s expectations regarding its investments in sales and marketing; the Company’s expectations regarding improvements to attract hosts and guests, including AI customer support and Reserve Now, Pay Later; the Company’s expectations regarding service fees; the Company’s plans with respect to guest travel insurance; the Company’s expectations regarding its financial performance, including its revenue, implied take rate, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA Margin; the Company’s expectations regarding future operating performance, including Nights and Seats Booked and GBV; the Company’s expectations regarding ADR; the Company’s expectation regarding its tax rate; the Company’s share repurchase program; the Company’s expectations for product and services growth and enhancements, including the ongoing impact and results from platform enhancements or new features and the Com ...
   ... Ended June 30 2025 2026 2025 2026 Nights and Seats Booked 134.4M 148.3M 277.5M 304.5M Gross Booking Value $23.5B $27.2B $48.0B $56.4B We track certain key business metrics to measure our performance, identify trends, formulate financial projections, and make strategic decisions. Our key business metrics include GBV and Nights and Seats Booked. GBV represents the dollar value of bookings on our platform in a period and is inclusive of host earnings, service fees, cleaning fees, and taxes, net of cancellations and alterations that occurred during that period. Nights and Seats Booked on our platform in a period represents the sum of the total number of nights booked for stays and the total number of seats booked for services and experiences, net of cancellations and alterations that occurred in that period. We are not aware of any uniform standards for calculating these key metrics, which may hinder comparability with other companies that may calculate similarly titled metrics in a different way. 26 Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures The following is a reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA Reconciliation (in millions, except percentages) Three Mo ...

===== 2Q26 call data/raw/transcripts/web/2Q26.html len=59836 hits=21
   ... conversion. We also introduced AI-generated listing highlights so guests can quickly understand the key details about a home. We also launched AI-powered review highlights, surfacing what guest reviews say about a home's location, amenities, and more. Later this year, we'll introduce AI home comparison, allowing guests to compare homes side by side before booking. We simplified sign-up and login, making it easier for guests to get started on Airbnb. We streamlined checkout by making pricing and cancellation policies clearer. We also continue to expand Reserve Now, Pay Later to more listings, and we're making it more visible throughout the booking flow. AI is also making it easier to host. We know that as hosts are more successful when they have the right price, the right insights, and the right tools, and AI is helping us improve all three. We made it easier for hosts to set competitive prices and get more bookings. We also gave hosts more actionable insights to help them improve their listings and increase their earning potential. We're rolling out AI tools that help new hosts get started faster and better understand their pricing and earning opportunities. AI is also transforming ...
   ...  mentioned, we've been able to deliver these results not from a single action, but the collective actions across our platform. For guests, these improvements have spanned search and discovery to payments and checkout. For hosts, we've made it easier to get started and improve pricing and insights to help them become more competitive. Of the many changes that have collectively contributed to our strong growth, we wanted to provide an update on two that we've spoken on in the past. In particular, Reserve Now, Pay Later, and our simplified fee structure. First, we continue to see Reserve Now, Pay Later benefit the business. It drove more bookings, longer booking lead times, and contributed to the increase in ADR. Specifically in Q2, over 20% of our total GBV was booked using this flexible payment option. Given the strong results that it's delivered, in July, we expanded the types of bookings eligible for Reserve Now, Pay Later. Now, beyond the immediate uplift in nights booked, we believe this provides a longer-term competitive benefit, enabling hosts to lock in earlier calendar share and better aligning our payment options with guest preferences. Second, the migration of API hosts to ...
   ... ase in net income was driven by higher operating income and a $77 million tax benefit recorded in the current period related to recently published tax guidance impacting prior year taxes. Next, our balance sheet and cash flow. We continue to benefit from our efficient and capital-light business model, delivering $1.3 billion of free cash flow in Q2. Over the trailing 12 months, we've generated $4.8 billion of free cash flow, representing a free cash flow margin of 37%. Now, absent the impact of Reserve Now, Pay Later bookings, which defer guest payments from the time of booking closer to the date of stay, we expect that unearned fees would have grown year-over-year in Q2. During Q2, we purchased $1.1 billion of our common stock, enabled by our strong balance sheet and significant cash flow generation. Returning capital to shareholders remains a core component of our capital allocation strategy. Now finally, let's shift to our Q3 and full year 2026 outlook. We're encouraged by the momentum we've seen so far this year and are excited about our roadmap to drive growth in 2026 and beyond. Specifically, in Q3, we expect to generate revenue of $4.69 billion-$4.77 billion, representing ye ...
   ... of investments this year. Now moving to the full year, we are raising our revenue and adjusted EBITDA outlook. We now expect year-over-year revenue growth to improve to at least mid-teens, up from the low-to-mid-teens guidance we provided last quarter, supported by the accelerated pace of nights and seats booked we've observed across our business. For the full year, we expect our implied take rate to be relatively flat compared to 2025, accounting for the timing of bookings versus check-in with Reserve Now, Pay Later, as well as higher customer incentives related to new businesses during 2026. Absent these incentives, we would have anticipated our implied take rate to be slightly higher during the year, driven by our monetization initiatives and execution across our product roadmap. For full year profitability, we are now expecting our adjusted EBITDA margin to be at least 35.5%, up from 35%. Now to close, our results this quarter are proof that the product and business changes we've made are translating into real financial outcomes. The improvements we shared, making Airbnb easier to use, helping hosts succeed, and running the business more efficiently, these improvements are comp ...
   ... s for each home that's available. The second question is on experiences. We know supply is up 80%, I think I heard that right, year-over-year. We're accelerating bookings as a result. We'd love to hear more on whether experiences are at a size and scale yet to actually contribute to overall nights and seats booked. Thank you. Brian Chesky Co-founder and CEO, Airbnb Yeah. On pricing, I think this is one of the biggest single levers for growth that we have. I think it's significantly greater than Reserve Now, Pay Later. If you want to just put it in perspective, it is, I don't know, I don't want to say a multiple, but many multiples bigger than RNPL. Why is it? Because Airbnb launched and started as an affordable alternative to hotels. Affordability and value is one of the most important things we can do. We don't price the listings. The best thing we can do is show hosts that if they were to better price their listings, then they will make more money. We are essentially building an entirely new pricing model. No surprise, it will be powered by AI. AI is able to take in a lot of data sources. We're able to take in a lot of data sources of hotel prices, of Airbnb prices, events coming ...
   ... ers of new users every year. Second, what is also supporting that number is the core markets. Obviously, the growth in recent years of first-time bookers in our core markets has been slower given the level of penetration we have across those markets. Yet, in recent quarters, we've also seen an acceleration of first-time booker growth in effectively almost all of our core markets, inclusive of the U.S. When you think about some of the specific product features that have helped, one is absolutely Reserve Now, Pay Later. We see that that is a really attractive payment option, in particular for people who have maybe aware of Airbnb, they're on the site, but they haven't booked with us yet. It gives them, frankly, a lot more confidence to book that future stay when they don't need to put down a sizable credit card fee up front. I would call that out as one. More broadly, a lot of our work, just simply on sign-up, login, merchandising, search, all of these are additive in terms of, again, getting that first-time user over the hump of trying to figure out what listing is right for them, and having the confidence to go ahead and book. Operator Your next question comes from the line of Cono ...
   ... s seems like a small one, but we've completely redesigned login and sign up. We have so much traffic, we were having as many as a few hundred thousand people failing to log in every day. This is whether they forgot their email or just the friction. Small optimizations are massive for us. We redesigned our sign up, our login on iOS, Android, web. That increased a lot of conversion. We've added a lot of flexibility in login, just other ways to log in. On payments, in checkout, of course, there is Reserve Now, Pay Later. We've added it to more countries, more listings. We made it more visible on the booking flow. We've also had more flexible cancellation policies. Our checkout is completely updated. We've added interest-free installments. Those are just a few of the guest-side features. On the host side, the single service fee has meant prices have become more competitive because a whole bunch of API hosts were accidentally mispricing because they were pricing on other platforms and our guest fee was going on top of that. That's been really big. We've had major improvements to insights dashboard. I'm kind of giving you a laundry list, so you get the idea. Again, there is no one thing. ...